docs: enriched the EDR API overview with transfer documentation (#754)
eclipse-tractusx/tractusx-edc: docs/samples/edr-api-overview/edr-api-overview.md

}
```

The EDR negotiation returns only the id of the negotiation process that has been started.

> The EDR negotiation rely on two steps, contract negotiation and transfer process, both of which are asynchronous.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The EDR negotiation relies on two steps: contract negotiation and transfer process, both of which are asynchronous.
```

> In order to plug-in and get notified in every state of the two state machines, callbacks can be configured while starting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to get notified about every state transition of the two state machines, callbacks can be configured when starting
```

the EDR negotiation:

```json
{
  ...
  "callbackAddresses": [
    {
      "uri": "http://localhost:8080/hooks",
      "events": [
        "transfer.process.started"
      ],
      "transactional": false
    }
  ]
}
```

> In this case we are interested only when the transfer process transition to the `STARTED` state.

Reviewer: here I would expect a list of other events that are available

Once the EDR has been negotiated with the provider, the EDR itself will be stored in the configured vault and the metadata
associated to it in the configured datasource for future querying.

> Since `tractusx-edc` v0.5.1 the cached EDRs also come with a state machine that will manage the lifecycle of an EDR

Reviewer: maybe add a link to the GH version

> on the consumer side. That means that it will auto-renew itself when the expiration date is approaching by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on the consumer side. That means that it will auto-renew when it is nearing its expiration date by
```

> firing another transfer process request with the same parameters as the original one. Once renewed the old-one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
firing another transfer process request with the same parameters as the original one. Once renewed, the old EDR
```

> will transition to the state `EXPIRED` and it will be removed from the database and the vault according to the [configuration](../../../core/edr-core/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will transition to the `EXPIRED` state and it will be removed from the database and the vault according to the [configuration](../../../core/edr-core/README.md).
```

```

> Please note that now with the EDR you are able to request the `Asset` data from provider's `data-plane`.

### EDR Management | Deleting a cached EDR

This endpoint will delete the EDR entry associated with the `transfer-process-id` and it will remove the EDR itself
from the vault.

> | Path                                          | Method | Query Params             |

Reviewer: I would just link to the published openapi spec, all documentation should be there

|-----------------------------------------------|--------|--------------------------|
| `<MANAGEMENT_URL>/edrs/{transfer-process-id}` | DELETE | none                     |

### EDR Usage | Fetching data

Once the EDR has been negotiated and stored, the data can be fetched in two ways depending on the use-case:

> - Provider data-plane (EDC way)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Provider data-plane ("EDC way")
```

- Consumer proxy (Tractus-X EDC simplified)

#### Provider data-plane

Once the right EDR has been identified using the EDR management API the current asset/agreement/transfer-process that
you want to transfer, we can use the `endpont`, `authCode` and `authKey` to make the request:

```sh
curl --request GET \
  --url http://provider-data-plane/public-url \
  --header 'Authorization: auth-code' \
  --header 'Content-Type: application/json' 
```

If the HTTP asset has been configured to proxy also query parameters and path segments they will be forwarded
to the backend from the provider data-plane:

```sh
curl --request GET \
  --url http://provider-data-plane/public-url/subroute?foo=bar \
  --header 'Authorization: auth-code' \
  --header 'Content-Type: application/json' 
```

#### Consumer data-plane (proxy)

The Consumer data-plane proxy is an extension available in `tractusx-edc` that will use the EDR store to simplify
the data request on consumer side. The documentation is available [here](../../../edc-extensions/dataplane-proxy/edc-dataplane-proxy-consumer-api/README.md).

The only API is:

> | Path                      | Method | Query Params             |

Reviewer: see above, maybe link to openapi spec
